----------------------------Understanding Data Types

1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
A person’s telephone number - String
A person’s height - Float 
A person’s age - Int
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer) - Enum
A person’s salary - Decimal because it's for exact values. Double is for approximate values.
A book’s ISBN - String
A book’s price - Decimal because it's best for money
A book’s shipping weight - Float
A country’s population - Long
The number of stars in the universe - BigInteger
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business) - Long

2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
Value type stores the data directly and reference type stores a reference to the data's memory address.
Boxing converts a value type to a reference type. Unboxing turns a reference type to a value type.

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resource are resources managed by the .NET runtime's garbage collector. The .NET runtime also handles memory allocation and deallocation for managed resources.
Unmanaged resources are things not managed by the garbage collector such as file handles, db connections, and network sockets. Developers need to manually release these resources to avoid leaks.

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
The garbage collector is to automatically manage the allocation and release of memory to free up space and to prevent memory leaks.

----------------------------Practice number sizes and ranges

1. UnderstandingTypes.cs file 

2. CenturiesConverter.cs file

-----------------------------Controlling Flow and Converting Types

1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
An exception is thrown. DivideByZeroException

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
It does not throw an exception but returns special values (PositiveInfinity, NegativeInfinity, or NaN)

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
You get unexpected values but it doesn't throw an error

4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
y++ means the original value is used first, then incremented. ++y means the value is incremented first and the new value is used.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
break means it exists the loop immediately. continue means it skips the current iteration. return means it exits the method.

6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
The condition part is required. i.e, i < 10. The other two parts are not required. for(int i = 0; i < 10; i++)
Can omit the other two. for(; i < 10;)

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
= is used to assign a value to a variable and == is used for comparing two variables.

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
Yes it does compile and it's an infinite loop. It also does nothing.

9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
In a switch statement it's called when it does not match any of the switch statement cases.

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
The IEnumerable is required for an object to be enumerated.

------------------------------Practice loops and operators

1. FizzBuzz game is the file Excercise03.cs
   
2. Print-A-Pyramid is the file PrintAPyramid.cs

3. Number guessing game is NumberGuesser.cs

4. BirthDayCalculator.cs file

5.  Greeter.cs file

6. IncrementerCounter.cs file
