----------------Test your knowledge
1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
public - means it's accessible from anywhere
private - accessible only within the same class
protected - accessible within the same class and child classes
internal - accessible within the same project
protected internal - only accessible within the same project of child classes
private protected - accessible within the same class and child classes within the same project

2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?
static - belongs to the class and not any specific instance of it.
const - used to declare constant fields or local variables. They are immutable at compile time and don't change for the lifetime of the program.
Must be initialized at declaration.
Cannot be modified after declaration.
readonly - public readonly int ReadonlyField; It's used to declare fields that can be assigned a value only during declaration or in the constructor of the same class.
Can be instance-specific or static.
Initialized at declaration or in the constructor.
Can be modified only once, at initialization.

3. What does a constructor do?
It's a method that's called when an instance of a class is created. The primary role is to initialize the newly created object. 
This means such as setting inital values for fields, allocating resources, or performing setup steps that are required before the object can be used.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
It helps managing large codebases easier, collaborating in teams easier, and enhances readability and maintain ability.

5. What is a tuple?
It's a datastructure that allows the holding of multiple types.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
It simplifies the create of datacentric types. Useful for DTOs (holding data)

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Overloading means having two methods with the same name but different parameters. The return types can also be different.
Overriding means allowing a child class provide its own specific implementation of a method that is already defined in the base class.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
Fields are simple variables declared in a class typically used for private storage
Properties provide a way to expose fields with controlled access i.e getters and getters.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
By providing a default value in the parameter
public void MyMethod(int requiredParam, string optionalParam = "default value")

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface defines a contract with no implementation. A class can implement multiple interfaces.
A abstract class can't be instantiated. It's used for base classes and a class can only inherit from one abstract class.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
All members of an interface are public. You have access to its methods, properties, and events.

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
Confused about this one

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class.
False

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
True

17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
True

18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.
False

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
False, but you can leave the method empty

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True